{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Awra2y is an App that solves the problems of AUCians and Non-AUCians when they want to get information, issue documents, or submit applications. AUC\'92s website is really vague and students get lost in it. Therefore, we solved this problem through our app, which acts as a directory for AUC students and Non-AUC students. We made a clear navigated directory to guide them to all the information, documents, or applications the might need. For the AUC students we created a Google Firebase configuration that signs the student in. The App also has an email list view, were it contains the emails of all the departments and offices at AUC and when the student clicks on any of the department\'92s email it takes them to send a message through the mail to that office or department. Moreover, Students can either edit an AUC form and submit it through the App or if it\'92s a PDF they could download it and send it by email through the App. Finally, Awra2y Application saves time for students and reduce the complexity and vagueness of information, as it helps the students know the process of issuing documents clearly.}